README.md, before:

# SwiftyEvent

## Overview
Add an overview here

## Build

To build SwiftyEvent from the command line:

```bash
% cd <path-to-clone>
% swift build
```

## Testing

To run the supplied unit tests for **SwiftyEvent** from the command line:

```bash
% cd <path-to-clone>
% swift build
% swift test

```

## Using SwiftyEvent

### Including in your project

#### Swift Package Manager

To include SwiftyEvent into a Swift Package Manager package, add it to the `dependencies` attribute defined in your `Package.swift` file. You can select the version using the `majorVersion` and `minor` parameters. For example:
```
dependencies: [
	.package(url: "https://github.com/Streebor/SwiftyEvent.git", .upToNextMajor(from: "1.0.0")),
]
```

### Example

```Swift
class ObservableClass {
	var propertyChangedEvent = Event<String>()

	var property: String = "" {
		didSet {
			propertyChangedEvent(sender: self, arguments: self.property)
		}
	}
}

class SubscriberClass {
	private let observableClass: ObservableClass
	private var handle: Event<String>.Handle? = nil
	private var newObservableValue: String? = nil

	init(_ newObservableClass: ObservableClass) {
		self.observableClass = newObservableClass
		self.handle = self.observableClass.propertyChangedEvent.subscribe() { [weak self] sender, arg in
			self?.newObservableValue = arg // This is where you should add your code to react to the Event
		}
	}
}
	
let observableClass = ObservableClass()
let subscriberClass = SubscriberClass(observableClass)
	
```

Commit message:

Added an overview to the readme

README.md, after:

# SwiftyEvent

## Overview
A thread safe, lightweigth event handling framework that automatically store weak references to subscribing code blocks. **SwiftyEvent** requires subscribing classes to keep references to their own handlers thus, it will not create retain cycles using the passed blocks.

## Build

To build **SwiftyEvent** from the command line:

```bash
% cd <path-to-clone>
% swift build
```

## Testing

To run the supplied unit tests for **SwiftyEvent** from the command line:

```bash
% cd <path-to-clone>
% swift build
% swift test

```

## Using SwiftyEvent

### Including in your project

#### Swift Package Manager

To include **SwiftyEvent** into a Swift Package Manager package, add it to the `dependencies` attribute defined in your `Package.swift` file. For example:
```
dependencies: [
	.package(url: "https://github.com/Streebor/SwiftyEvent.git", .upToNextMajor(from: "1.0.0")),
]
```

### Example

```Swift
class ObservableClass {
	var propertyChangedEvent = Event<String>()

	var property: String = "" {
		didSet {
			propertyChangedEvent(sender: self, arguments: self.property)
		}
	}
}

class SubscriberClass {
	private let observableClass: ObservableClass
	private var handle: Event<String>.Handle? = nil
	private var newObservableValue: String? = nil

	init(_ newObservableClass: ObservableClass) {
		self.observableClass = newObservableClass
		self.handle = self.observableClass.propertyChangedEvent.subscribe() { [weak self] sender, arg in
			self?.newObservableValue = arg // This is where you should add your code to react to the Event
		}
	}
}
	
let observableClass = ObservableClass()
let subscriberClass = SubscriberClass(observableClass)
	
```
